docs: handling of missing ssse3 instruction set (#21159)
envoyproxy/envoy: tools/vscode/README.md

Note that it is recommended to disable VSCode Microsoft C/C++ extension and use `vscode-clangd` instead for
C/C++ code completion.

For Chinese developers, you need to set `http_proxy` `https_proxy` `all_proxy` in advance.

### Tips for proxmox users

If you see the following error message:
```
-- Performing Test HAVE_SSSE3
-- Performing Test HAVE_SSSE3 - Failed
-- Performing Test HAVE_AVX2
-- Performing Test HAVE_AVX2 - Failed
-- Performing Test HAVE_AVX512
-- Performing Test HAVE_AVX512 - Failed
-- Building without AVX2 support
-- Building without AVX512 support
CMake Error at cmake/arch.cmake:79 (message):
  A minimum of SSSE3 compiler support is required

> ```

Reviewer: Can you clarify where this is coming from? Scroll log up and you'll see which CMake is generating this.

Author: I don't save the log, seems to be hyperscan

Note that it is recommended to disable VSCode Microsoft C/C++ extension and use `vscode-clangd` instead for
C/C++ code completion.

> For Chinese developers, you need to set `http_proxy`, `https_proxy`, `all_proxy` in advance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For developers in China, you might need to set `http_proxy`, `https_proxy`, `all_proxy` in advance.
```
